feat(clp-package)!: Change default flavor to clp-json; Fix `pkg-tar` tasks to uncomment and modify `package` block in `etc/clp-config.yml` (fixes #1568). (#1572)
y-scope/clp: docs/src/user-docs/quick-start/clp-text.md

`etc/clp-config.yml` and then run the start command again.
:::

:::{warning}
**Do not comment out or remove the `package` block in `etc/clp-config.yml`**, as the default storage

> engine is `clp-s`, which is optimized for JSON logs rather than unstructured text logs.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Do not comment out or remove the `package` block in `etc/clp-config.yml`**; otherwise, the storage
and query engines will default to `clp-s`, which is optimized for JSON logs rather than unstructured
text logs.
```
